Updates to the Upgrade a running network tutorial (#1903)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/tutorials/get-started/upgrade-a-running-network.md

   Leave this node running.
   You can edit and re-compile to upgrade the runtime without stopping or restarting the running node.

1. Open the [Polkadot/Substrate Portal](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer) in a browser and connect to the local node.

>    To do this, click on the left-most dropdown menu to select the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the left-most dropdown menu to select the network.
```

   ![Select network](/media/images/docs/tutorials/forkless-upgrade/polkadot-js-select-network.png)

>    Then scroll to the bottom of the list, click on `Development`, and select `Local Node`, then press the `Switch` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Development**, select **Local Node**, then click **Switch**.
```

Typically, I use bold for UI elements instead of back ticks.

>    pallet-aura = { version = "4.0.0-dev", default-features = false, git = "https://github.com/paritytech/substrate.git", branch = "polkadot-v0.9.36" }

Author: Oh wow.  Good catch.  I just went and checked, and I have 0.9.37 in my working branch, so I just missed making sure this matched. Thank you!
